Release 0.1.0 preparation (#65)
fluxcd/image-automation-controller: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.1.0

**Release date:** 2020-12-10

> This is the first ever release of image-automation-controller and its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first prerelease of image-automation-controller and its
```

Author: It's not a prerelease, unless you want to go through 0.1.0-rc* first

Reviewer: We mark all 0.x versions as prereleases in GitHub https://github.com/fluxcd/source-controller/releases

Author: Ah, everything is a prerelease at present (until 1.0?). OK, got it.
